[processor/filterprocessor] Ability to filter spans (#6341)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: processor/filterprocessor/README.md

# Filter Processor

> - Supported pipeline types: logs, metrics, spans

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Supported pipeline types: logs, metrics, traces
```

- The filter processor can be configured to include or exclude:

- logs, based on resource attributes using the `strict` or `regexp` match types
- metrics based on metric name in the case of the `strict` or `regexp` match types,
  or based on other metric attributes in the case of the `expr` match type.
  Please refer to [config.go](./config.go) for the config spec.

> - Spans based on tags, resources, and names, all with full regex support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Spans based on span names, and resource attributes, all with full regex support
```

          - Key: container.name
            Value: (app_container_1|app_container_1)
```
In case the no metric names are provided, `matric_names` being empty, the filtering is only done at resource level.

> ### Filter Spans from Traces

Reviewer 2: The top of this file should be updated to indicate that the processor supports traces.  This information should probably go up there as well, alongside the required parameters for logs and metrics.

Please also include a prominent warning that using this processor can result in broken traces and that it is the operator's responsibility to ensure that it only filters out leaf spans.

Author: I am happy to write it, but do you really think our users wouldn't take that into consideration?  I mean beyond that when we get to more advanced sampling their heads might explode :)

```

In case the no metric names are provided, `matric_names` being empty, the filtering is only done at resource level.

### Filter Spans from Traces

> ```diff

Reviewer: What does `diff` do here?

- This pipeline is able to drop spans and whole traces, that means your traces will be incomplete in your visualizaiton tool.  Why would wont want this you may ask? 

> Auto instrument 600 java-redis-clients and tell me how quickly your tracing platform goes to tis knees.  

Reviewer: Please review the spelling or reword, I am not quite sure how to read this.

> Also, DO NOT TRLY ON THIS PLUGIN FOR PCI/Sox/HIPPA etc.  If the data has already gotten this far in the pipeline you have a larger root problem.

Reviewer: What's "TRLY"?
